added management group pre-requisites for deployment (#71)
Azure/AzureMonitorStarterPacks: README.md

## Pre-requisites and recommendations

> - Azure Subscription - an Azure subscription to deploy the components. You may need a global administrator role to elevate access to management groups in the subscription's tenant. Detail instrucution is available [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/elevate-access-global-admin#elevate-access-for-a-global-administrator).

Reviewer: @sjyang18 - I'm going to re-work this a bit.  Giving it some thought, we should avoid suggesting that anything needs to be deployed at the tenant root management group level if we can (this includes the policy definitions). I will see if I can expand upon your suggested changes.

> - Azure Subscription - an Azure subscription to deploy the components. You may need a global administrator role to elevate access to management groups in the subscription's tenant. Detail instrucution is available [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/elevate-access-global-admin#elevate-access-for-a-global-administrator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure Subscription - an Azure subscription to deploy the components. 
```

> - Management Group and Management Group role Assignment: You may need to have a management group containing the target subscription and a management group role assignment for managment group access (something like Management Group Contributor) thru IAM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Management Group and Management Group role assignment: You will need to have a management group containing the target subscription and the Owner role assignment at that management group level. It is NOT recommended to use the tenant root group but instead use a lower-level management group in your tenant. If you must deploy to the tenant root group, you will have to follow instructions [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/elevate-access-global-admin).
```
